fix: typos and coherence (#164)
Udayraj123/OMRChecker: README.md

# OMR Checker

> Read Optical Mark Recognitions (OMRs) fast and accurately using a scanner 🖨 or your phone 🤳.

Reviewer: If we're adding an FAQ just below the intro, then we may not need to repeat Optical Mark Recognitions.
```suggestion
Read OMR sheets fast and accurately using a scanner 🖨 or your phone 🤳.
```
